📝 Assignment: Parallel Category-Wise Revenue Analysis Using Fork/Join
✅ Problem Statement:
You are part of the analytics team at an e-commerce company.
Every day, your system records millions of transactions. Each transaction contains:

A transaction amount (e.g., ₹499.99)

A category (e.g., Electronics, Clothing, Home & Kitchen, etc.)

Your task is to calculate the total revenue for each category using parallel computation with the Fork/Join Framework.

🧾 Sample Data (Simulated):
Each record is like:

{ amount: 299.99, category: "Clothing" }
{ amount: 1549.00, category: "Electronics" }
{ amount: 499.00, category: "Home & Kitchen" }
...
You will simulate this using a list of randomly generated transactions with 5-10 categories.

🎯 Learning Objectives:
Use the Fork/Join Framework for concurrent computation.

Learn to aggregate data in parallel across multiple categories.

Understand how parallelism helps in big data-style tasks.

📦 Input:
A list of 10 million transaction records, each with:

a double amount

a String category

🧭 How to Approach (Without Code):
1. Understand the Real-World Application:
The finance team needs daily revenue per category.

The volume of data is too large for sequential computation to be fast enough.

2. Break Down the Problem:
Your overall task is:
Map<String category, Double totalRevenue>

If the list is large (say > 100,000 records), split into two subtasks:

Each subtask will calculate category-wise sums on a smaller subset.

After completion, merge the two maps from subtasks.

3. Define RecursiveTask:
Extend RecursiveTask<Map<String, Double>>

On base case:

Loop through assigned portion of list

Aggregate revenue by category (store in a map)

On recursive case:

Split list in two

Fork both subtasks

Join and merge the results

4. Use ForkJoinPool:
Initialize ForkJoinPool in the main method.

Submit your top-level task.

Wait and retrieve final Map<String, Double> with revenue per category.

5. Validate and Compare:
Also do a sequential version using simple for loop and Map.

Print both results to confirm correctness.

Measure time taken by both methods.